weasyprint.layout.LayoutContext.page_maker
{'builtins.list', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/pages.py-make_all_pages-791
        remake_state = context.page_maker[i][-1]
weasyprint.layout.LayoutContext.page_maker
{'builtins.list', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/pages.py-make_all_pages-806
            resume_at = context.page_maker[i + 1][0]
weasyprint.layout.LayoutContext.page_maker
{'builtins.list', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/__init__.py-layout_document-155
            context.page_maker[i + 1])
weasyprint.layout.LayoutContext.page_maker
{'builtins.list', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/__init__.py-layout_document-204
        state = context.page_maker[context.current_page][3]
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.position_x
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-165
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left + self.padding_left + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.position_x
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/absolute.py-absolute_width-73
    default_translate_x = cb_x - box.position_x
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.position_y
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/float.py-get_clearance-118
    hypothetical_position = box.position_y + collapsed_margin
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.position_y
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/absolute.py-absolute_height-145
    default_translate_y = cb_y - box.position_y
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.position_y
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/float.py-float_layout-38
            containing_block.position_y - containing_block.content_box_y())
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.position_y
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_y-170
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top + self.padding_top + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.position_y
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/blocks.py-block_level_layout-54
            top_border_edge = box.position_y + collapsed_margin + box.clearance
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.margin_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-773
                            margins = child.margin_left + child.margin_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.margin_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-margin_width-155
        return self.border_width() + self.margin_left + self.margin_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.margin_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-587
                                child.margin_left + child.margin_right +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.margin_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/absolute.py-absolute_width-80
            padding_plus_borders_x + box.margin_left + box.margin_right)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.margin_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-165
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left + self.padding_left + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.margin_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/absolute.py-absolute_width-103
        spacing = padding_plus_borders_x + box.margin_left + box.margin_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.margin_right
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-773
                            margins = child.margin_left + child.margin_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.margin_right
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-margin_width-155
        return self.border_width() + self.margin_left + self.margin_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.margin_right
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-587
                                child.margin_left + child.margin_right +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.margin_right
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/absolute.py-absolute_width-80
            padding_plus_borders_x + box.margin_left + box.margin_right)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.margin_right
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/absolute.py-absolute_width-103
        spacing = padding_plus_borders_x + box.margin_left + box.margin_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.margin_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/absolute.py-absolute_height-169
        spacing = paddings_plus_borders_y + box.margin_top + box.margin_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.margin_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-margin_height-159
        return self.border_height() + self.margin_top + self.margin_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.margin_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-771
                            margins = child.margin_top + child.margin_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.margin_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-581
                                child.margin_top + child.margin_bottom +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.margin_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_y-170
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top + self.padding_top + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.margin_bottom
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/blocks.py-block_container_layout-704
                box.margin_bottom)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.margin_bottom
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-margin_height-159
        return self.border_height() + self.margin_top + self.margin_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.margin_bottom
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/blocks.py-block_container_layout-287
            box.margin_bottom)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/percentages.py-resolve_percentages-110
            box.padding_left + box.padding_right +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_width-137
        return self.width + self.padding_left + self.padding_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/percentages.py-resolve_percentages-116
        horizontal_delta = box.padding_left + box.padding_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-165
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left + self.padding_left + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-784
                                    child.padding_left + child.padding_right)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-588
                                child.padding_left + child.padding_right +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-427
                    child.padding_left - child.padding_right -
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_right
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/percentages.py-resolve_percentages-110
            box.padding_left + box.padding_right +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_right
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_width-137
        return self.width + self.padding_left + self.padding_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_right
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/percentages.py-resolve_percentages-116
        horizontal_delta = box.padding_left + box.padding_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_right
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-784
                                    child.padding_left + child.padding_right)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_right
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-588
                                child.padding_left + child.padding_right +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_right
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-427
                    child.padding_left - child.padding_right -
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-582
                                child.padding_top + child.padding_bottom +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/percentages.py-resolve_percentages-113
            box.padding_top + box.padding_bottom +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-779
                                    child.padding_top + child.padding_bottom)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-436
                    child.padding_top - child.padding_bottom -
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-261
                    child.padding_top + child.padding_bottom)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_y-170
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top + self.padding_top + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/percentages.py-resolve_percentages-117
        vertical_delta = box.padding_top + box.padding_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_height-141
        return self.height + self.padding_top + self.padding_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_bottom
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/blocks.py-block_container_layout-286
            box.padding_bottom + box.border_bottom_width +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_bottom
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-582
                                child.padding_top + child.padding_bottom +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_bottom
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/blocks.py-block_container_layout-703
                box.padding_bottom + box.border_bottom_width +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_bottom
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/percentages.py-resolve_percentages-113
            box.padding_top + box.padding_bottom +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_bottom
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/blocks.py-block_container_layout-387
                    offset_y = box.border_bottom_width + box.padding_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_bottom
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_height-141
        return self.height + self.padding_top + self.padding_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_bottom
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-779
                                    child.padding_top + child.padding_bottom)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_bottom
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-436
                    child.padding_top - child.padding_bottom -
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_bottom
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-261
                    child.padding_top + child.padding_bottom)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.padding_bottom
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/percentages.py-resolve_percentages-117
        vertical_delta = box.padding_top + box.padding_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_width-137
        return self.width + self.padding_left + self.padding_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/float.py-avoid_collisions-165
            containing_block.content_box_x() + containing_block.width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.min_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/min_max.py-wrapper-22
        if box.width < box.min_width:
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.max_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/min_max.py-wrapper-18
        if box.width > box.max_width:
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.height
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_height-141
        return self.height + self.padding_top + self.padding_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.border_top_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-583
                                child.border_top_width +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.border_top_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-260
                    child.border_top_width + child.border_bottom_width +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.border_top_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-777
                                    child.border_top_width +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.border_top_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_y-171
            self.border_top_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.border_top_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_height-150
        return self.padding_height() + self.border_top_width + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.border_right_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-428
                    child.border_left_width - child.border_right_width)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.border_right_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-590
                                child.border_right_width)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.border_right_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_width-146
            self.border_right_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.border_right_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-783
                                    child.border_right_width +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.border_bottom_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-778
                                    child.border_bottom_width +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.border_bottom_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-260
                    child.border_top_width + child.border_bottom_width +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.border_bottom_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/blocks.py-block_container_layout-286
            box.padding_bottom + box.border_bottom_width +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.border_bottom_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_height-151
            self.border_bottom_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.border_bottom_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/blocks.py-block_container_layout-387
                    offset_y = box.border_bottom_width + box.padding_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.border_bottom_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-584
                                child.border_bottom_width)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.border_bottom_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/blocks.py-block_container_layout-703
                box.padding_bottom + box.border_bottom_width +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.border_left_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-782
                                    child.border_left_width +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.border_left_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-166
            self.border_left_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.border_left_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_width-145
        return self.padding_width() + self.border_left_width + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.border_left_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-428
                    child.border_left_width - child.border_right_width)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockBox.border_left_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-589
                                child.border_left_width +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.InlineBox.margin_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/inlines.py-split_inline_box-669
    left_spacing = (box.padding_left + box.margin_left +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.InlineBox.margin_right
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/inlines.py-split_inline_box-671
    right_spacing = (box.padding_right + box.margin_right +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.InlineBox.padding_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/inlines.py-split_inline_box-669
    left_spacing = (box.padding_left + box.margin_left +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.InlineBox.padding_right
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/inlines.py-split_inline_box-671
    right_spacing = (box.padding_right + box.margin_right +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.InlineBox.border_right_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/inlines.py-split_inline_box-672
                     box.border_right_width)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.InlineBox.border_left_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/inlines.py-split_inline_box-670
                    box.border_left_width)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableCellBox.grid_x
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/tables.py-group_layout-128
                        cell.grid_x + cell.colspan - 1]
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableCellBox.grid_x
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/preferred.py-table_and_columns_preferred_widths-379
                grid_width = max(cell.grid_x + cell.colspan, grid_width)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableCellBox.grid_x
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/build.py-collapse_table_borders-1119
                    x=cell.grid_x + cell.colspan, y=grid_y, h=cell.rowspan))
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableCellBox.margin_left
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-165
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left + self.padding_left + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableCellBox.margin_top
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_y-170
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top + self.padding_top + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableCellBox.margin_top
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/blocks.py-block_container_layout-300
        box.position_y += collapse_margin(adjoining_margins) - box.margin_top
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableCellBox.padding_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_width-137
        return self.width + self.padding_left + self.padding_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableCellBox.padding_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-165
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left + self.padding_left + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableCellBox.padding_right
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_width-137
        return self.width + self.padding_left + self.padding_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableCellBox.padding_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_y-170
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top + self.padding_top + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableCellBox.padding_bottom
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/blocks.py-block_container_layout-387
                    offset_y = box.border_bottom_width + box.padding_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableCellBox.width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_width-137
        return self.width + self.padding_left + self.padding_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableCellBox.width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/float.py-avoid_collisions-165
            containing_block.content_box_x() + containing_block.width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableCellBox.border_top_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_y-171
            self.border_top_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableCellBox.border_right_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_width-146
            self.border_right_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableCellBox.border_bottom_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/blocks.py-block_container_layout-387
                    offset_y = box.border_bottom_width + box.padding_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableCellBox.border_left_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-166
            self.border_left_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableCellBox.border_left_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_width-145
        return self.padding_width() + self.border_left_width + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableCellBox.position_x
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-165
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left + self.padding_left + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableCellBox.position_y
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_y-170
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top + self.padding_top + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableCellBox.position_y
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/float.py-get_clearance-118
    hypothetical_position = box.position_y + collapsed_margin
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.LineBox.position_y
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_box_y-187
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.LineBox.margin_left
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/inlines.py-split_inline_box-669
    left_spacing = (box.padding_left + box.margin_left +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.LineBox.margin_right
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/inlines.py-split_inline_box-671
    right_spacing = (box.padding_right + box.margin_right +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.LineBox.margin_top
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_box_y-187
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.LineBox.padding_left
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_width-137
        return self.width + self.padding_left + self.padding_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.LineBox.padding_left
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/inlines.py-split_inline_box-669
    left_spacing = (box.padding_left + box.margin_left +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.LineBox.padding_right
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/inlines.py-split_inline_box-671
    right_spacing = (box.padding_right + box.margin_right +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.LineBox.padding_right
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_width-137
        return self.width + self.padding_left + self.padding_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.LineBox.padding_top
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_height-141
        return self.height + self.padding_top + self.padding_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.LineBox.padding_bottom
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_height-141
        return self.height + self.padding_top + self.padding_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.LineBox.width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_width-137
        return self.width + self.padding_left + self.padding_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.LineBox.height
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_height-141
        return self.height + self.padding_top + self.padding_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.LineBox.border_top_width
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_height-150
        return self.padding_height() + self.border_top_width + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.LineBox.border_right_width
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/inlines.py-split_inline_box-672
                     box.border_right_width)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.LineBox.border_right_width
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_width-146
            self.border_right_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.LineBox.border_bottom_width
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_height-151
            self.border_bottom_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.LineBox.border_left_width
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/inlines.py-split_inline_box-670
                    box.border_left_width)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.LineBox.border_left_width
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_width-145
        return self.padding_width() + self.border_left_width + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.margin_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-margin_width-155
        return self.border_width() + self.margin_left + self.margin_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.margin_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-165
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left + self.padding_left + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.margin_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_box_x-175
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left + self.border_left_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.margin_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_box_x-183
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.margin_right
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-margin_width-155
        return self.border_width() + self.margin_left + self.margin_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.margin_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_box_y-187
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.margin_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-margin_height-159
        return self.border_height() + self.margin_top + self.margin_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.margin_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_y-170
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top + self.padding_top + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.margin_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_box_y-179
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top + self.border_top_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.margin_bottom
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-margin_height-159
        return self.border_height() + self.margin_top + self.margin_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.padding_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_width-137
        return self.width + self.padding_left + self.padding_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.padding_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/pages.py-__init__-82
            box.padding_left + box.padding_right +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.padding_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-165
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left + self.padding_left + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.padding_right
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_width-137
        return self.width + self.padding_left + self.padding_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.padding_right
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/pages.py-__init__-82
            box.padding_left + box.padding_right +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.padding_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_y-170
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top + self.padding_top + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.padding_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/pages.py-__init__-55
            box.padding_top + box.padding_bottom +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.padding_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_height-141
        return self.height + self.padding_top + self.padding_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.padding_bottom
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_height-141
        return self.height + self.padding_top + self.padding_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.padding_bottom
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/pages.py-__init__-55
            box.padding_top + box.padding_bottom +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_width-137
        return self.width + self.padding_left + self.padding_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/float.py-avoid_collisions-165
            containing_block.content_box_x() + containing_block.width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.min_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/min_max.py-wrapper-22
        if box.width < box.min_width:
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.max_width
{'builtins.float', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/min_max.py-wrapper-18
        if box.width > box.max_width:
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.height
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_height-141
        return self.height + self.padding_top + self.padding_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.height
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/pages.py-make_page-533
    page_content_bottom = root_box.position_y + page.height
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.min_height
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/min_max.py-wrapper-43
        if box.height < box.min_height:
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.max_height
{'builtins.float', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/min_max.py-wrapper-39
        if box.height > box.max_height:
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.border_top_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/pages.py-__init__-56
            box.border_top_width + box.border_bottom_width)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.border_top_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_y-171
            self.border_top_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.border_top_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_height-150
        return self.padding_height() + self.border_top_width + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.border_top_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_box_y-179
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top + self.border_top_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.border_right_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_width-146
            self.border_right_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.border_right_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/pages.py-__init__-83
            box.border_left_width + box.border_right_width)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.border_bottom_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_height-151
            self.border_bottom_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.border_bottom_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/pages.py-__init__-56
            box.border_top_width + box.border_bottom_width)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.border_left_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_box_x-175
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left + self.border_left_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.border_left_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-166
            self.border_left_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.border_left_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/pages.py-__init__-83
            box.border_left_width + box.border_right_width)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.border_left_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_width-145
        return self.padding_width() + self.border_left_width + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.position_x
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_box_x-175
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left + self.border_left_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.position_x
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_box_x-183
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.position_x
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-165
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left + self.padding_left + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.position_y
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_y-170
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top + self.padding_top + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.position_y
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_box_y-187
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.PageBox.position_y
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_box_y-179
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top + self.border_top_width
weasyprint.text.Layout.style
{'missing', 'builtins.dict'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/text.py-set_text-757
        word_spacing = self.style.get('word_spacing', 0)
weasyprint.text.Layout.style
{'missing', 'builtins.dict'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/text.py-set_tabs-804
        if isinstance(self.style['tab_size'], int):
weasyprint.text.Layout.style
{'missing', 'builtins.dict'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/text.py-set_text-766
        letter_spacing = self.style.get('letter_spacing', 'normal')
weasyprint.text.Layout.style
{'missing', 'builtins.dict'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/text.py-set_tabs-813
            width = int(self.style['tab_size'].value)
weasyprint.text.Layout.style
{'missing', 'builtins.dict'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/text.py-set_tabs-808
            layout.set_text(' ' * self.style['tab_size'])
weasyprint.text.Layout.text
{'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/text.py-first_line_metrics-634
            for i in range(len(layout.text)):
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.margin_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-margin_width-155
        return self.border_width() + self.margin_left + self.margin_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.margin_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-165
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left + self.padding_left + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.margin_right
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-margin_width-155
        return self.border_width() + self.margin_left + self.margin_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.margin_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-margin_height-159
        return self.border_height() + self.margin_top + self.margin_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.margin_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_y-170
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top + self.padding_top + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.margin_bottom
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-margin_height-159
        return self.border_height() + self.margin_top + self.margin_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.padding_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_width-137
        return self.width + self.padding_left + self.padding_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.padding_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/pages.py-__init__-82
            box.padding_left + box.padding_right +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.padding_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-165
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left + self.padding_left + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.padding_right
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_width-137
        return self.width + self.padding_left + self.padding_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.padding_right
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/pages.py-__init__-82
            box.padding_left + box.padding_right +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.padding_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/pages.py-__init__-55
            box.padding_top + box.padding_bottom +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.padding_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_y-170
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top + self.padding_top + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.padding_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_height-141
        return self.height + self.padding_top + self.padding_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.padding_bottom
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/pages.py-__init__-55
            box.padding_top + box.padding_bottom +
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.padding_bottom
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/blocks.py-block_container_layout-387
                    offset_y = box.border_bottom_width + box.padding_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.padding_bottom
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_height-141
        return self.height + self.padding_top + self.padding_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_width-137
        return self.width + self.padding_left + self.padding_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/float.py-avoid_collisions-165
            containing_block.content_box_x() + containing_block.width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.height
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_height-141
        return self.height + self.padding_top + self.padding_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.border_top_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/pages.py-__init__-56
            box.border_top_width + box.border_bottom_width)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.border_top_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_y-171
            self.border_top_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.border_top_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_height-150
        return self.padding_height() + self.border_top_width + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.border_right_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_width-146
            self.border_right_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.border_right_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/pages.py-__init__-83
            box.border_left_width + box.border_right_width)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.border_bottom_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_height-151
            self.border_bottom_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.border_bottom_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/pages.py-__init__-56
            box.border_top_width + box.border_bottom_width)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.border_bottom_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/blocks.py-block_container_layout-387
                    offset_y = box.border_bottom_width + box.padding_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.border_left_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-166
            self.border_left_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.border_left_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/pages.py-__init__-83
            box.border_left_width + box.border_right_width)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.border_left_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_width-145
        return self.padding_width() + self.border_left_width + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.position_x
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-165
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left + self.padding_left + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.position_y
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_y-170
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top + self.padding_top + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.MarginBox.position_y
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/float.py-get_clearance-118
    hypothetical_position = box.position_y + collapsed_margin
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.position_x
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-165
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left + self.padding_left + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.position_x
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/float.py-<listcomp>-154
            shape.position_x + shape.margin_width()
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.position_x
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/absolute.py-absolute_replaced-316
            box.left = box.position_x - cb_x
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.position_x
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_box_x-183
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.position_y
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/float.py-find_float_position-97
        if box.position_y < highest_y:
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.position_y
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/__init__.py-<listcomp>-243
                shape.position_y + shape.margin_height()
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.position_y
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/inlines.py-line_box_verticality-1091
            dy = min_y - subtree.position_y
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.position_y
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/absolute.py-absolute_replaced-353
        box.top = box.position_y - cb_y
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.position_y
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/float.py-<genexpr>-182
                    shape.position_y + shape.margin_height()
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.position_y
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/float.py-get_clearance-118
    hypothetical_position = box.position_y + collapsed_margin
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.position_y
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_box_y-187
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.position_y
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/float.py-find_float_position-98
            box.translate(0, highest_y - box.position_y)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.position_y
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_y-170
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top + self.padding_top + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.margin_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-165
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left + self.padding_left + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.margin_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_box_x-183
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.margin_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-margin_width-155
        return self.border_width() + self.margin_left + self.margin_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.margin_right
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-margin_width-155
        return self.border_width() + self.margin_left + self.margin_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.margin_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_box_y-187
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.margin_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-margin_height-159
        return self.border_height() + self.margin_top + self.margin_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.margin_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_y-170
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top + self.padding_top + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.margin_bottom
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-margin_height-159
        return self.border_height() + self.margin_top + self.margin_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.padding_left
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-rounded_content_box-267
            self.border_left_width + self.padding_left)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.padding_left
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_width-137
        return self.width + self.padding_left + self.padding_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.padding_left
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-165
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left + self.padding_left + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.padding_right
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_width-137
        return self.width + self.padding_left + self.padding_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.padding_right
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-rounded_content_box-265
            self.border_right_width + self.padding_right,
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.padding_top
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_y-170
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top + self.padding_top + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.padding_top
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-rounded_content_box-264
            self.border_top_width + self.padding_top,
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.padding_top
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_height-141
        return self.height + self.padding_top + self.padding_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.padding_bottom
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-rounded_content_box-266
            self.border_bottom_width + self.padding_bottom,
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.padding_bottom
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_height-141
        return self.height + self.padding_top + self.padding_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_width-137
        return self.width + self.padding_left + self.padding_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.min_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/min_max.py-wrapper-22
        if box.width < box.min_width:
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.max_width
{'builtins.float', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/min_max.py-wrapper-18
        if box.width > box.max_width:
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.height
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/blocks.py-block_container_layout-342
                        new_child.position_y + new_child.height >
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.height
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_height-141
        return self.height + self.padding_top + self.padding_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.min_height
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/min_max.py-wrapper-43
        if box.height < box.min_height:
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.max_height
{'builtins.float', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/min_max.py-wrapper-39
        if box.height > box.max_height:
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.border_top_width
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-rounded_content_box-264
            self.border_top_width + self.padding_top,
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.border_top_width
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_y-171
            self.border_top_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.border_top_width
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_height-150
        return self.padding_height() + self.border_top_width + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.border_right_width
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_width-146
            self.border_right_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.border_right_width
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-rounded_content_box-265
            self.border_right_width + self.padding_right,
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.border_bottom_width
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_height-151
            self.border_bottom_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.border_bottom_width
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-rounded_content_box-266
            self.border_bottom_width + self.padding_bottom,
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.border_left_width
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_width-145
        return self.padding_width() + self.border_left_width + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.border_left_width
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-rounded_content_box-267
            self.border_left_width + self.padding_left)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.BlockReplacedBox.border_left_width
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-166
            self.border_left_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.InlineBlockBox.position_y
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_y-170
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top + self.padding_top + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.InlineBlockBox.position_y
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/float.py-get_clearance-118
    hypothetical_position = box.position_y + collapsed_margin
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.InlineBlockBox.margin_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-165
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left + self.padding_left + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.InlineBlockBox.margin_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_y-170
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top + self.padding_top + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.InlineBlockBox.margin_top
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/blocks.py-block_container_layout-300
        box.position_y += collapse_margin(adjoining_margins) - box.margin_top
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.InlineBlockBox.padding_left
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-165
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left + self.padding_left + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.InlineBlockBox.padding_top
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_y-170
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top + self.padding_top + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.InlineBlockBox.padding_bottom
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/blocks.py-block_container_layout-387
                    offset_y = box.border_bottom_width + box.padding_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.InlineBlockBox.width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/float.py-avoid_collisions-165
            containing_block.content_box_x() + containing_block.width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.InlineBlockBox.min_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/min_max.py-wrapper-22
        if box.width < box.min_width:
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.InlineBlockBox.max_width
{'builtins.float', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/min_max.py-wrapper-18
        if box.width > box.max_width:
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.InlineBlockBox.border_top_width
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_y-171
            self.border_top_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.InlineBlockBox.border_bottom_width
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/blocks.py-block_container_layout-387
                    offset_y = box.border_bottom_width + box.padding_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.InlineBlockBox.border_left_width
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-166
            self.border_left_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.InlineBlockBox.position_x
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-165
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left + self.padding_left + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableCaptionBox.position_x
{'builtins.float', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-165
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left + self.padding_left + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableCaptionBox.position_y
{'builtins.float', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/float.py-get_clearance-118
    hypothetical_position = box.position_y + collapsed_margin
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableCaptionBox.margin_left
{'builtins.float', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-165
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left + self.padding_left + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableCaptionBox.margin_top
{'builtins.float', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/blocks.py-block_container_layout-622
            collapse_margin(this_box_adjoining_margins) - box.margin_top)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableCaptionBox.padding_left
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-165
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left + self.padding_left + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableCaptionBox.min_width
{'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/min_max.py-wrapper-22
        if box.width < box.min_width:
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableCaptionBox.max_width
{'builtins.float', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/min_max.py-wrapper-18
        if box.width > box.max_width:
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableCaptionBox.border_left_width
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-166
            self.border_left_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableColumnBox.grid_x
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/tables.py-table_layout-492
            if column.grid_x < len(column_positions):
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableColumnBox.width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_width-137
        return self.width + self.padding_left + self.padding_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableColumnBox.height
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_height-141
        return self.height + self.padding_top + self.padding_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableColumnBox.border_top_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_height-150
        return self.padding_height() + self.border_top_width + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableColumnBox.border_right_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_width-146
            self.border_right_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableColumnBox.border_bottom_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_height-151
            self.border_bottom_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableColumnBox.border_left_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_width-145
        return self.padding_width() + self.border_left_width + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableColumnBox.position_y
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_box_y-187
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableColumnGroupBox.width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_width-137
        return self.width + self.padding_left + self.padding_right
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableColumnGroupBox.height
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-padding_height-141
        return self.height + self.padding_top + self.padding_bottom
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableColumnGroupBox.border_top_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_height-150
        return self.padding_height() + self.border_top_width + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableColumnGroupBox.border_right_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_width-146
            self.border_right_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableColumnGroupBox.border_bottom_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_height-151
            self.border_bottom_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableColumnGroupBox.border_left_width
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_width-145
        return self.padding_width() + self.border_left_width + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.TableColumnGroupBox.position_y
{'builtins.float', 'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-border_box_y-187
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.FlexBox.position_x
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-165
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left + self.padding_left + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.FlexBox.position_y
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_y-170
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top + self.padding_top + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.FlexBox.position_y
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/float.py-get_clearance-118
    hypothetical_position = box.position_y + collapsed_margin
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.FlexBox.margin_left
{'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-165
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left + self.padding_left + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.FlexBox.margin_top
{'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_y-170
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top + self.padding_top + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.FlexBox.padding_left
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-50
                box.padding_left - box.padding_right -
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.FlexBox.padding_left
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-86
                box.padding_left - box.padding_right -
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.FlexBox.padding_left
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-165
        return self.position_x + self.margin_left + self.padding_left + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.FlexBox.padding_right
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-86
                box.padding_left - box.padding_right -
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.FlexBox.padding_right
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-50
                box.padding_left - box.padding_right -
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.FlexBox.padding_top
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_y-170
        return self.position_y + self.margin_top + self.padding_top + \
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.FlexBox.padding_top
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-63
                box.padding_top - box.padding_bottom -
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.FlexBox.padding_top
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-80
                box.padding_top - box.padding_bottom -
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.FlexBox.padding_bottom
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-63
                box.padding_top - box.padding_bottom -
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.FlexBox.padding_bottom
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-80
                box.padding_top - box.padding_bottom -
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.FlexBox.min_width
{'builtins.int', 'builtins.str', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/min_max.py-wrapper-22
        if box.width < box.min_width:
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.FlexBox.max_width
{'builtins.float', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/min_max.py-wrapper-18
        if box.width > box.max_width:
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.FlexBox.border_top_width
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_y-171
            self.border_top_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.FlexBox.border_top_width
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-81
                box.border_top_width - box.border_bottom_width)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.FlexBox.border_top_width
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-64
                box.border_top_width - box.border_bottom_width)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.FlexBox.border_right_width
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-51
                box.border_left_width - box.border_right_width)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.FlexBox.border_right_width
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-87
                box.border_left_width - box.border_right_width)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.FlexBox.border_bottom_width
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-81
                box.border_top_width - box.border_bottom_width)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.FlexBox.border_bottom_width
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-64
                box.border_top_width - box.border_bottom_width)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.FlexBox.border_left_width
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-87
                box.border_left_width - box.border_right_width)
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.FlexBox.border_left_width
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/formatting_structure/boxes.py-content_box_x-166
            self.border_left_width
weasyprint.formatting_structure.boxes.FlexBox.border_left_width
{'builtins.int', 'missing'}
 /home/user/WeasyPrint-52.5/weasyprint/layout/flex.py-flex_layout-51
                box.border_left_width - box.border_right_width)
